Transform combined vehicleTypeId to explicit vehicleType object (#72)
Intralogistics-2X-LIF/Layout-Interchange-Format: LIF.md

| Object structure | Unit | Data type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| mobileRobotTypeNodeProperty { |  | JSON-object |  |

> | mobileRobotTypes |  | array of JSON-object | Holds mobile robot types to which these properties apply on this node. Only one vehicleTypeNodeProperty can be declared per mobile robot type per node. |

Author: ```suggestion
| *mobileRobotTypes[mobileRobotType]* |  | array of JSON-object | Holds mobile robot types to which these properties apply on this node. Only one mobileRobotTypeNodeProperty can be declared per mobile robot type per node. |
```

| *theta* | rad | float64 | Range: [-Pi ... Pi]  Absolute orientation of the mobile robot on the node in reference to the origin’s rotation. |
| *maximumAllowedDeviation* | meter | float64 | Maximum *maximumAllowedDeviation* |
| *loadRestriction* |  | JSON-object | Describes the load restriction on this node for each mobile robot type ID in mobileRobotTypeIds.  Note: If not defined, the node can be used by both unloaded mobile robots and loaded mobile robots carrying any load set. |
| *actions[action]* |  | array of JSON-object | Holds actions that can be integrated into an order by the third-party fleet control system can send for the given mobile robot types on this node.  The selection of which action to integrate is determined by the third-party fleet control system. If no actions are applicable, this attribute may be omitted. |
| } |  |  |  |

### 8.3.7 MobileRobotType

| Object structure | Unit | Data type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | robotType { |  | JSON-object |  |

Author: ```suggestion
| mobileRobotType { |  | JSON-object |  |
```

| manufacturer |  | string | Name of the manufacturer of the mobile robot. This shall correspond to the manufacturer field of the MQTT header and the corresponding MQTT topic level. |

> | seriesName |  | string | Unique name of the mobile robot series in the context of the manufacturer. This shall correspond to the robot's factsheet.typeSpecification.seriesName field. |

Author: ```suggestion
| manufacturer |  | string | Name of the manufacturer of the mobile robot. This should correspond to the manufacturer field of the MQTT header and the corresponding MQTT topic level. |
| seriesName |  | string | Unique name of the mobile robot series in the context of the manufacturer. This should correspond to the robot's factsheet.typeSpecification.seriesName field. |
```

Author: Code Review Feedback

| mobileRobotTypeEdgeProperties [mobileRobotTypeEdgeProperty] |  | array of JSON-object | Mobile robot type specific properties for this edge.  Note: This attribute must not be empty. For each allowed mobile robot type there must be an element. |
| } |  |  |  |

### 8.3.11 MobileRobotTypeEdgeProperty

| Object Structure | Unit | Data type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| mobileRobotTypeEdgeProperty { |  | JSON-object |  |

> | mobileRobotTypes |  | array of JSON-object | Holds mobile robot types to which these properties apply on this edge. Only one vehicleTypeEdgeProperty can be declared per mobile robot type per edge. |

Author: ```suggestion
| *mobileRobotTypes[mobileRobotType]* |  | array of JSON-object | Holds mobile robot types to which these properties apply on this edge. Only one mobileRobotTypeEdgeProperty can be declared per mobile robot type per edge. |
```
